1. Choice of tools, libraries, and languages:

I chose Flask for its simplicity and ease of use in setting up APIs 
in Python, allowing for rapid development. In addition to this, I 
also have experience in using Flask for various projects before thus 
allowing me to finish it faster. For the database, I chose SQLite3 
since it's extremely lightweight, easy to install, and works well 
with Flask applications. The combination of Python Flask and SQLite3 
is ideal for an application like this due to its tried-and-tested 
nature and also because I have vast experience in using both 
frameworks/tools and the language.

2. Advantages and disadvantages of my solution:

The main advantage of my solution is its simplicity and efficiency. 
Using Flask and SQLite3 allowed for quick development, perfect for 
small projects. The API is straightforward and the code is easy to 
read with try-except blocks to ensure the Flask application doesn't 
crash due to incorrect input. 
One of the disadvantages in using SQLite 3 might be the scalability, 
also since we don't know who is accessing the API, this application 
could be susceptible to SQL injection attacks which can be easily 
countered in the future using prepared statements or input 
sanitization.

3. My most exciting project:

My most exciting project that I have worked on so far has been 
enRollBadge.com (you can access it!). It's an automatic course 
enrollment notification system we built for UW-Madison students. It 
has over 1000 active users and the College of Letters & Sciences 
even expressed their admiration. I worked on the backend, handling a 
vast amount of data, scripting with Python to constantly hit public 
APIs, store the information collected and send out automated emails 
to subscribers. The project used a similar tech stack for the 
backend to this exercise (Python, Flask, SQLite3). One of the key 
challenges was managing large-scale data scraping and email 
automation reliably, setting up cronjobs, and learning how to 
host the app using Linux, Nginx, and DigitalOcean. Overall, I am 
extremely proud of all I learnt from this project and how many 
people it has helped at our school.
